---
layout: layouts/page.njk
date: Last Modified
title: "Change!"
subtitle: In 1 Year
image: https://qph.cf2.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-2b1772ceed475a2b963ac45130842fdd-lq
icaption: Quora
quote:
qcaption:
cite:
tags: 
 - post
 - life
---
How did you change your life in a year? - [Lukas Schwekendiek](https://qr.ae/pAgN00)

- *Take massive action* - 10x whatever you think you need to do. Turn 1 blog post a day into 10 or turn 20 pages of reading into 200. If you do not almost fall asleep on your floor, it means you can still do more.
- *Act instead of react* - Create your own scenarios and situations instead of hoping and praying to stumble upon what you want.
- *Get serious* - Not about all of life, but about a few (1-3) commitments you make for yourself. Really get those few things down flat. Make them a second nature to your life and they will catapult your life into a brighter future.
- *Improve the little things* - Drink another glass of water, add a plant to your office, go for another 5-minute walk or watch one more motivational video. Every little thing affects everything else. You do not get to a better life through a few big steps, but a thousand little ones.
- *Stop trying to impress others* - Impress yourself first. Chase your own desires without giving a reason as to why.
- *Be courageous* - Change is scary because you are diving into a black abyss called 'The Unknown'. But unless you dive into the scary situations you will never know what is beneath the surface of the water.
- *Stop thinking so much* - If you need to do it, you need to do it. If you don't then you don't. Either way, thinking about it won't make it any easier. Save your energy. Just do it!
- *Get help* - There were thousands of things I could have never done if I didn't have someone by my side to hold me accountable, push me forward and tell me what I needed to hear rather than what I wanted to hear. None of us have to go through life alone.
- *Live intentional* - Every situation you are in should serve a purpose. If it doesn't serve a purpose, get out.
- *Learn obsessively* - When I changed my life I read over 50 books in a year, watched hundreds of hours of educational content on YouTube, hired a coach and went to multiple seminars. Get obsessed about learning because you do not know anything yet and the golden nugget could be anywhere.
- *Do a little more* - When you want to quit, do a little more! 5 more minutes, 5 more repetitions, 1 more exercise, 1 more post, 1 more email - Little things add up quickly.
- *Pride yourself in you* - You have done so much last year and can do so much more this year. You are stronger, sexier, smarter and more courageous than you give yourself credit for. Start complimenting yourself on everything you've done, are and have tried, for you are amazing.
- *Get busy* - You should be running everywhere you go. Do not allow your calendar to have any white spaces for most of those you will reactively fill with ways to waste time.
- *Laugh* - Enjoy yourself regardless of the situation and have more fun. Life only needs to be as serious as you make it.
